[Music]
how to make your butt rounder in just
two weeks we are regularly told that we
are what we eat so does it mean that if
you are dreaming of a round buttocks you
must consume coconuts well not exactly
to get your buttocks in shape eating the
right food is just as important as
physical training we at bright side
would like to share some valuable tips
that will help you to build a tone but
which has always been the object of your
dreams you will get to know what to eat
and which exercises to do to achieve the
desired result basic tips it would be so
simple to eat a magic pill and lose
weight in a week unfortunately nothing
is that easy in this world making your
buttocks bigger without exercise is just
not possible however there is good news
everybody can do it with just a bit of
enthusiasm and motivation to achieve
your goal you have to follow two phases
phase 1 Lieut strengthening workout
remember without training you will not
see the result quite the opposite
you can even put on some weight your
workout routine should include such
exercises as squats but bridges and
lunges
squats to do squats you need to position
your feet a bit wider look straight in
front of you and do not move your head
up or down your arms should be held
parallel to the ground keep your back
straight first start moving your hips
back and only afterward begin to bend
your knees it's important to preserve
the position of your knees they must
stay in line with your feet sit down so
that your hip joint is lower in
comparison to your knees while standing
up try to squeeze your gluts
lunges stand up straight with your feet
hip-width apart then take one big step
forward heel first and slowly lower your
body bending both knees remember to keep
your back and upper body straight and
don't bend your knees farther than 90
degrees it's essential for the health of
your joints after that repeat with the
other leg in front
[Music]
but bridge to perform the but bridge you
need to lie on your back place your arms
at your sides and bend your knees your
feet should be positioned around
shoulder width press your heels into the
ground lift your hips off the floor and
squeeze your butt while keeping your
back straight exhale and hold this
position for a few seconds
breathe in and slowly go back to the
starting position Phase two healthy diet
your nutrition after a workout during
the recovery period why is it so
important after hard exercise your
buttocks are in the repair cycle and it
is essential to choose the right amount
and especially type of food to make sure
that your butt will grow bigger and
firmer
there are several simple rules you
should keep in mind number one excess of
anything is bad
in case you are one of those people who
want to increase their weight you should
eat more if you want to increase just
one part of your body you have to eat
food in normal amounts do not consume
too much protein or carbohydrates it can
potentially lead to health problems
you should eat at least one piece of
fruit per day
although the daily recommendation is
between three and five pieces fruits
fiber will keep you full and not hungry
and at the same time they are low in
calories now let's see what food will
help you to increase your butt
proteins
why do we need proteins they are like
bricks which form our life every cell in
our body has protein inside we must have
it in our diet as thanks to it our body
will be able to repair body cells and
construct new ones it might be
surprising but not all proteins are
beneficial for example proteins from fat
red meat some dairy products and egg
yolk can lead to raising of cholesterol
in your blood some natural sources of
good protein are tuna egg whites turkey
chicken tilapia legumes cottage cheese
beans soya seafood and any fish but not
fried
[Music]
carbohydrates there is another
underwater stone here you may have
probably heard that if you want to lose
weight you have to exclude carbohydrates
from your diet but it depends because
there are two types of carbohydrates and
this statement refers only to refined
processed carbs such as pastries sugar
sweetened drinks white bread white pasta
and so on
[Music]
while the other group whole unprocessed
carbs are not only okay to eat but
useful as well so just swap white bread
and pasta for whole-wheat or whole-grain
alternatives sweets for bananas and soft
drinks for fresh juice the carbohydrates
which help you to maintain a good
musculature are quinoa brown rice oats
whole grain cereal sweet potato and
couscous
[Music]
FAT FAT is as necessary to our body as
proteins and carbohydrates in fact a man
can't live without consuming fats they
give us important fatty acids our skin
stays soft thanks to them they provide
us with energy and vitamins but once
again there are good and bad fats how
not to get confused bad fats are trans
fats found at fried foods or
commercially baked pastries snack foods
for example chips or crackers or
margarine and saturated fats found in
red meat chicken skin full fat dairy
products ice cream butter lard and such
oils as palm or coconut these fats
negatively influence your weight Evoque
risk of heart disease
and increased cholesterol level however
good fats provide health benefits lower
the cholesterol level and reduce your
risk of heart disease they also help you
to sculpt the body of your dreams and
lose weight the best source of healthy
fats are fish oil extra virgin olive oil
almonds walnuts and peanut butter
vegetables vegetables are full of fibers
vitamins and minerals obviously they are
beneficial for our health but what is
more they are low in calories and fat a
perfect product to get rid of hunger and
simultaneously lose weight focus on
vegetables rich in antioxidants such as
broccoli spinach kale and any green
vegetables you can eat as much as you
wish hooray
if you have found this video helpful
don't forget to hit the like button
below and click to subscribe to join us
on the bright side